welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
girl house
in rehoboth alabama 1988
two little girls trick an overweight
child they have nicknamed
lover boy into dropping his pants and
preparing for a kiss
only to tease and humiliate him when one
of the girls rides home alone afterwards
lover boy knocks her from her bicycle
and throws her off a bridge
making the girl's death look like an
accident
in the present day struggling to pay her
way through school
following the death of her father
college co-ed kylie atkins is recruited
by entrepreneur gary preston to join his
online pornography venture girl house
girl house allows its users to watch the
ladies living inside the house 24 7 via
50 camera feeds
the girls perform strip teases and
regular daily activities with the option
of performing
sexual acts on camera for additional
money
gary assures kylie that girlhouse's
technology cannot be hacked and that the
house's secret location is untraceable
he brings kylie to the house and
introduces her to steve
who shares security guard duties with
big mike
kylie also meets fellow girl house
residents kat
devon janet heather and mia
kylie performs her first striptease
online and captures the attention of
lover boy
who watches from his basement in atlanta
and is known as a girl house regular
also watching are alex and his college
roommate ben
stanley who recognizes kylie as the girl
he has had a crush on since kindergarten
having been banned for her heroin
addiction former girl house performer
anna
sneaks back into the house and convinces
gary to give her another try
ben and kylie begin a relationship
kylie has a private chat session with
loverboy
he hacks into the computer system and
surprises kylie by sending her a picture
of his face
anna later finds the picture while
snooping on kylie's laptop
later ben admits to kylie that he knows
about her involvement with girl house
however they talk through the issue and
continue their relationship
lover boy angers the other women in girl
house by continually asking for kylie
when she is not there
the girls begin making fun of him for
being pathetic
lover boy notices his picture on the
bulletin board inside girl house with a
handwritten caption that reads
what a stud kylie comes home and takes
down the picture as soon as she sees it
eventually lover boy snaps
he hacks into girl house's system dons a
mask
and breaks into the building housing
girl houses servers
where he kills the website's technical
team
lover boy straps gary to a chair and
stabs him several times
slowly dying from blood loss gary is
forced to watch through the monitors as
loverboy travels to the house's location
and continues his rampage
lover boy kills steve at the security
gatehouse
he then strangles anna with a piece of
rope inside the house's off-camera room
from his dorm room alex watches as lover
boy mutilates devon
during a private dance alex shows ben
the carnage taking place live at girl
house
ben tries texting a warning to kylie but
just as she returns to girl house
lover boy jam's incoming and outgoing
communications
oblivious to what is going on inside the
house
kylie retires to her room ben
instructs alex to try hacking into girl
house to find its address while he goes
in search of other ways to locate kylie
meanwhile loverboy kills heather and her
boyfriend while they are having sex
janet investigates the commotion and
catches loverboy in the act of severing
the boyfriend's head
loverboy throws her over an upstairs
railing
she survives but breaks her legs in the
fall
next loverboy locks mia in the sauna
room
she smashes a lump of coal through the
door and escapes to the pool
outside but their lover boy kills her
with a sledgehammer
gary eventually dies from blood loss
while watching the horror unfold on
screen at the technical facility
kylie realizes the danger when she spots
lover boy at the pool from her window
lover boy electronically locks kylie
inside the house
janet attacks him but is unsuccessful
and gets stabbed in the head
kylie finds cat and tries to hide in her
bedroom
lover boy breaks in and corners kylie
who now recognizes him
cat seemingly knocks lover boy
unconscious with his crowbar and goes
for help while kylie tries to find
devin kat meets big mike at the front
door
but loverboy recovers in time to kill
them both
kylie is able to find devin and tells
her to stay in her bedroom while
she searches for help distraught over
her disfigured face and severed fingers
devin suffocates herself with a plastic
bag
at the same time ben finds kylie's
friend liz owens at selby
college and together they try to find
out where kylie is
ben helps the police find an address for
girl house
but their tactical team ends up storming
the technical facility instead
alex eventually hacks into girl house's
isp
and determines the house's real address
ben races there with liz lover boy
chases kylie throughout the house
she hides in the utility room and shuts
off all of the cameras
she then lures lover boy to a darkened
basement where she uses a video camera's
night vision to help her stab him in the
stomach with a pool stick
injured lover boy overpowers and begins
to strangle her
but she ends up clubbing him to death
with the camera
she runs outside where ben and liz show
up with the police and a news crew
following behind
the film ends with kylie breathing
deeply and the screen cuts to black
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you